sortowanie merge: 
rozmiar tablicy100
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0s
rozmiar tablicy500
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0.01s
rozmiar tablicy1000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0s
rozmiar tablicy5000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0.04s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.04s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0.04s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0.04s
rozmiar tablicy10000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0.09s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.09s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0.09s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.1s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.09s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0.09s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0.09s
