sortowanie szybkie: 
rozmiar tablicy100
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0s
rozmiar tablicy500
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0s
rozmiar tablicy1000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.01s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0s
rozmiar tablicy5000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0.04s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.03s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.03s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0.02s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0.03s
rozmiar tablicy10000
posortowane0% elementow czas: 0.1s
posortowane25% elementow czas: 0.1s
posortowane50% elementow czas: 0.08s
posortowane75% elementow czas: 0.06s
posortowane95% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane99% elementow czas: 0.05s
posortowane odwrotnie czas: 0.05s
